website/integrations: gitlab: update certificate key pair location and specify sha (#9925)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/services/gitlab/index.md

## GitLab Configuration

Paste the following block in your `gitlab.rb` file, after replacing the placeholder values from above. The file is located in `/etc/gitlab`.

> To get the value for `idp_cert_fingerprint`, navigate to the Admin interface, expand the  _System_ section and select _Certificates_. Then, expand the selected certificate and copy the SHA1 Certificate Fingerprint.

Reviewer: We have moved to use bold text for UI components (field names, labels, etc) and italics for variables/placeholder values. We have a PR for a new Style Guide... I need to get that finished and published.

## GitLab Configuration

Paste the following block in your `gitlab.rb` file, after replacing the placeholder values from above. The file is located in `/etc/gitlab`.

> 
> To get the value for `idp_cert_fingerprint`, navigate to the admin interface's _System_ section and select _Certificates_. Then, expand the chosen certificate and copy the SHA1 Certificate Fingerprint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get the value for `idp_cert_fingerprint`, navigate to the Admin interface, expand the  _System_ section and select _Certificates_. Then, expand the selected certificate and copy the SHA1 Certificate Fingerprint.
```
